hey folks Stu here from Evolution
Unleashed and today I am going to take
you through a really cool function with
tech TPT and one of its better plugins
which is web pilot and today I'm going
to also provide you with a free
competitor analysis prompt that's going
to go a little bit above and beyond what
you're probably used to seeing with
check GPT output
so what is web pilot webpilot is a
plugin that allows you to surf the web
Now Bing conserved for the web and if
Bing is incorporated into your current
Tech GBP experience then you'll also be
able to Surf with Bing through chat TPT
however it's still a lot a big bit buggy
it doesn't quite give us the sort of
level of output we want whereas whip
pilot is very good at reading and
scanning website data so to demonstrate
we're going to do a competitor analysis
I'm going to use my own offer and break
it down and see all the weaknesses that
I need to work on which is going to be a
little bit sobering and a bit scary
because you could run this on my website
as well you can run it on your own or
any of your competitors so let's jump in
and have a look at the prompt I've got
for you today I'll break it down really
quick explain it because I like to tell
you why we do the things we do with our
more advanced prompts this one's a
smaller one it's about 500 words but
still very powerful so let's jump in and
have a quick look at what we've got for
you today so here is the prompt now the
important thing is you're going to have
to have your plugins enabled I'm not
here to teach you how to do that today
I've covered this before in previous
videos but essentially just head over to
your settings go to Beta turn on plugins
and then when you select plugins from
your drop down list you'll be able to
choose your plugins you want to go to
the plugin store and choose web pilot so
you can see I already have it enabled
it's that little cool blue kind of
symbol here so let's take you through
the prompt hello Chachi PT today I'd
like you to assume the role of an expert
in competitive research for those that
are familiar with our prompt structure
we use a five-point prompt structure for
clarity and to get better detailed sort
of information from chat GPT to avoid
that generic kind of restricted output
we've got a couple of overrides you're
going to love this prompt so the context
which is the background information that
chat CPT will need to perform the task
we just give it the website URL so the
website URL I would like you to visit
using your web pilot plugin is this and
then I have my website this is a website
you'll be conducting competitive
research on there's no need to show
summaries as you read through the
website simply read it in its entirety
and state I've read the website in full
before continuing with your response now
I add this little override here
um because if you don't sometimes it'll
just start spitting out summaries before
it gets into the response that just
wastes tokens and uh gets you further
away from your context if you want to
work down and do a bit of work on the
response so we then move to our goal
what are we trying to achieve today we
want to establish gaps and weaknesses in
my competitors offer that I'm able to
exploit to improve my own website and
offer because why else would we be doing
computer analysis and here's our
instructions and we've got we're asking
for a number of outputs today
the first one is a comprehensive and
detailed Gap analysis a gap analysis is
where they have blind spots potentially
in their offer or a gap that they're not
addressing that they potentially could
be which is always in marketing a really
good thing to be able to know that if
there's a gap in your competitors offer
you're able to exploit it by filling
that Gap in in your own offer to to have
a more comprehensive well-rounded offer
uh without the blind spots that exist
but first we need to identify them and
then I'm also asking for three ways to
differentiate my own offer based on each
of the identify gaps
I then want to strength and weakness
breakdown of their offer and messaging
uh for strengths show us we're strong
and why saying for weaknesses why is it
weak how's it weak offer components now
this is where we get into a bit more of
a deeper rundown this is something that
chat gbt is able to do very well and
you'll see it in your response using
your first principles approach please
break down the website and offer into
individual components and suggest an
improved method for reassembling these
components into a stronger offer so if
you're doing this on your own website
you're going to get some pretty
incredible insights into how you can
improve your offer and strengthen it up
um so yeah that's well worth uh reading
through when you get that output
differentiators that's how you set
yourself apart in a noisy Market how you
stand out so please provide a list of
ways I can differentiate to exploit gaps
and weaknesses in their offer for each
item on the list please provide a
comprehensive Rich explanation including
how this differentiator will help me
compete strongly against this offer and
then finally we want to do a bit of
price work if they if the price is
showing uh we want a price analysis if
it is since assesses whether or not this
seems to be perceived as good value now
one limitation of this folks is that
chat GPT has no idea about what makes
good price or not it's got a bit of an
idea but any pricing work we've done
it's always struggled but we've included
it because it does highlight a few gaps
we've got some instructions we want all
output with headings and subheadings we
want to write in a straightforward and
conversational style because it's easier
to read the output and it's less robotic
and less typical Tech GPT please
separate each response or output into
individual responses this is to ensure
the most valuable and holistic overall
output without sacrificing or omitting
any relevant information due to token
overrides or limitations then we have
our token override which is just going
to allow you to get a far more
comprehensive in-depth response which
will give you more value and more
actionable insights okay bit of a
mouthful let's jump in so you can see
that it says I have read the website in
full now let's proceed with competitive
research and you can click this if this
doesn't show this little box here and
when it's working you'll see that little
blue symbol that is up here let me
demonstrate I'll just edit the prompt
and we'll add a space and we'll just
rerun it okay and then I'll go back and
then what you'll see is here it will now
bring up the web pilot interface it's
now using web pilot you can have a peek
you can see what it's doing okay and
it's understanding its instructions
and so on now it's rendered and forward
it's going to proceed with the
analysis but now because we've already
done that we'll have to wait for it to
finish we can then scroll through both
the responses fascinating
uh so yeah folks this is in the AI ERA
this is going to become more and more
important because as a lot more people
begin using AI to really align their
offers and to get rid of the fluff and
to find that Clarity that holds most
people back when they're trying to sell
uh it's going to become harder to
differentiate so this kind of thing is
going to become far more important but
right now not many people are using chat
CPT for this kind of level of business
so you're going to have an advantage
early in the market by harnessing this
prompt which is what we're all about at
Evolution Unleashed is to provide you
the unleash family with an edge in the
market and how to really use these tools
in a practical Real World Way
so you can see the first Gap was
um the lack of personalization it offers
a one-size-fits-all course with no
personalized learning paths or
assessments so it tells you then you
know how you can improve that now
obviously that's not something we're
going to be able to do with today's
technology really uh we don't want to
have individual learning paths so
there's not much we can do about that
one a limited community community
engagement so it doesn't elaborate on
the community uh features or benefits
now that's interesting because we do
mention the unleash family so now I am
automatically know I can improve that
section of the website because this does
make sense if it doesn't elaborate on
why it's worthwhile being part of that
family
so here's how to differentiate uh no
mention of certificate certifications
um because we haven't gone down that
path yet we are looking to get this
course certified so we can do that but
here's a way to differentiate so it's
very cleverly finding the gaps in my
offer and that's just one of five
outputs that we want and notice we've
got this to be continued so let me
quickly show you how to get around that
just type uh please continue
please carry on anything and it will now
create a new response for the next
output and so on so he now it jumps into
our strengths and weaknesses breakdown
okay so we have got a few strengths we
have got some uh
weaknesses and so on so what we'll do if
we can we'll head back to our
uh not while it's writing we can't find
our original oh yes I can it's up here
okay navigation so I've just scrolled
back to an earlier iteration
um you know if you've done our Advanced
prob Mastery course so if you're about
to work through that you'll know how we
use these edits and horizontal uh
prompting call it multi-level prompting
it's it's nothing for today
um so here's our original one where
we've already gone through and we've
we've got the whole lot look how many
responses you get from this prompt right
it's quite incredible
um so
we have a look at our strengths and
weaknesses targeted messaging it does a
great job of identifying pain points
it's a comprehensive course outlines
included and there are testimonials
weaknesses is pricing transparency but
it's uh unclear what additional costs
might be involved now we are going to be
adding up sales when we launch this
course to the public so yeah fascinating
um we will potentially let people know
that there may be some additional costs
and we'll have to figure that out our
limited information on instructors well
folks you know us because you've seen
our work over the last year but many
people who are new won't know us so this
is a bit of an alarm Val right we need
to have more information our credentials
and links to some of our work and look
at that that's number three lack of
sample content no free samples we have
plenty in our group so we can probably
improve that and we may well have a lead
magnet that leads to this that actually
gives people all of our free prompts in
one document I think that'd be quite
useful if you'd like something like that
by the way let me know in the comments
and I'll consider making it or I'll get
Andy to you know if he gets a bit bored
okay offer components and improved
reassembly this is the first principles
approach so it breaks down into the uh
offer components and then looks at how
to reassemble add technical track and
real world case studies introduce weekly
challenges and mentorship programs
offered Ted pricing and include free
trials now this is where domain
expertise your knowledge comes into play
if you just blindly follow what tech GPT
says you're going to have a bit of a bad
time because you'd probably don't want
to do all of these things that may
actually hurt not hinder are not help so
be really careful about what you add in
the more expertise you have in marketing
the more effective this will be because
you're going to know but I'll show you a
real trick
um on how you can do that so let's copy
this and I'll show you a cool trick at
the end okay our differentiators so how
can we exploit the gaps and weaknesses
we found in the offer and then it just
runs through that I won't bore you I'll
scroll slowly so if you want to
screenshot you can but folks I'm giving
you the prompt you can run it yourself
full price analysis
it's a relatively low entry point but
the lack of transparency about what is
included well we do kind of have that
all included but clearly not well enough
so there's some definite tips that I can
use so what we can then do is just come
down here I just asked it for a
follow-up but you can prompt sideways
here and you know Advance prompt Master
will teach you how to do this and we can
say uh thank you can you uh please
uh break the following down with a
deeper explanations and implementation
strategy yeah
okay but freewheeling
and then we just hit the save and submit
now we've got two of two and this new
little dots new folks I don't know if
you've noticed but there's a little dot
now which I have seen in other llms it's
come to chat GPT now okay so here's a
deeper explanation oh
uh I messed that up so we'll just stop
generating and it helps if we uh paste
the information
uh otherwise it's going to do it for
everything and that will use up a lot of
tokens and a lot of I will eventually
lose its memory and give you garbage
I'll get into that okay so here's a
deeper explanation of how to do this
right so this is a prompt that's going
to sort of open the door to really
refining your offer understanding where
it's weak and strong or if you have got
a competitor that you're trying to
emulate then you can put in their
website and utilize this information and
incorporate these things into your own
offer so folks that's really one of the
core uses of web pilot I think it's
quite valuable uh wow
this is giving very strong responses
this is that token override that allows
it to go as deep as it needs without
being restricted by artificial token
restriction because the hardware
limitations we won't need these
overrides eventually when when million
token limits become a thing but for now
we are stuck so look at this it is
really
um going to town here uh on on how deep
you can go so folks for the information
this is a website that we were getting
it to search there's uh Andy and myself
and uh this is the website so I'll put a
link to that below we uh so you can you
sort of have a look at that but that was
what we were getting it to read and it
did a great job it really understood now
if you want to understand what the
successful components are you could also
go back to chat GPT now again we like to
work sideways when we're doing this kind
of uh strategy work so we might come up
here and we might say thank you can you
also elaborate uh uh provide a breakdown
of their offer
and
uh along with a marketing message
that uh
demonstrates this
so we'll just get a breakdown of their
office so if you want to understand what
is the successful components of my
competitors offer this is how you can do
it right so there's a once you've got
that sort of Base prompt run that I've
given you up here and there is a
document down below where I've put the
prompt down below depending on what
platform you're seeing this where this
prompt is available for you just be
aware the only thing you're going to
need to change is the website URL that
you are looking at okay
so uh where do we get down to
right so here's the breakdown of their
offer so they have course material
Community Access instructors pricing
bonuses testimonials and a marketing
message you can sort of understand where
how that offer sort of translates and
for your approved offer going above and
beyond uh because of our overrides it's
really getting into it so folks that was
just a very brief breakdown on how to
use web pilot for competitor analysis
there's a bunch of other things you can
do with it like rewriting your website
copy I'll deal with that in a separate
video but for now that's it for today so
thank you for watching if you haven't
already please like And subscribe it
really helps put this information in
more people's hands we put a lot of work
into creating these free prompts and
we'd love you to help us spread the word
so that's it I'll see you in the next
one peace